Informal communication,
what I mean by this is this type of communication is a relaxed,
friendly and unofficial style or manner of communication.
We're going to look at four methods of informal communication,
this way you can start right away with having some tools to help you
be a better communicator right out of the gate.
Let's see what they are.
Here are my key informal communication methods I
want to talk about in this section.
The first is conducting stand ups, face to face,
quickie informal and short meetings.
The next topic I will talk about is performing walk arounds,
casual drop ins with you and your team and others.
Next, casual emails, when and when not to use them.
And lastly, daily interactions.
What I am addressing here is how to act, behave, and carry yourself all day long.